# February 27, 2023

## A reflection on the past month

As you might have noticed, I haven't been keeping up with this blog. I've been busy with school and haven't had the time to write. I'm hoping to get back into the swing of things soon.

Anyways, here are some of the things I've been working on:

## USACO grind: Going for Platinum

I've been grinding USACO for the past few months. ~~I've been able to get into the gold division, but I'm hoping to get into the platinum division soon. I am working on the February contest right now, and I will be posting my solutions to the problems soon.~~

I've been able to get into the platinum division! What a journey it has been. Salutes to all the people who have been able to get into the platinum division. It's a great feeling to be able to say that I have achieved this goal; USACO has been a great experience for me, both technically and socially. I've learned a lot from the problems and the community, and I'm hoping to continue to learn more in the future.

Now I can officially call myself platinum boi yessir :D

## School

I've been busy with school. I've been working on a few projects, such as this display board about the various externalities of producing and consuming plastic water bottles. Additionally, I've been working on a speech advocating for the use of reusable water bottles for my English class.

I have a Spanish test tomorrow, so I'm going to go study for that when I wake up (it's almost 2 AM right now). I'm hoping to get back into the swing of things soon.
