# January 20, 2023

## School

I didn't manage to work on getting in one blog post a day for this week - school has been a bit hectic. I'm going to try to get back on track next week.

### English

I decided to investigate global press freedom as my social justice issue as part of my campaign for English class. I chose this topic because I believe that journalists play a critical role in society, and they should be able to do their jobs without fear of persecution. I also believe that press freedom is a fundamental human right, and that it is important to advocate for it.

For my contribution to the campaign, I decided to work on four digital illustrations and artworks to help advocate for the issue, as they can be powerful tools for supporting global press freedom and the safety of journalists. Additionally, they can help to communicate complex issues in a simple and easily understandable way, making them accessible to a broader audience. I began by researching statistics on attacks against journalists, reading news articles and reports on the topic, and consulting with experts in the field. This helps me understand the critical issues related to press freedom and journalists' safety and develop a concept for the illustrations. Next, I created rough sketches to explore different visual ideas, thinking about the message I wanted to convey and how other elements, such as color, composition, and symbolism, can communicate that message. For example, for one of the artworks, I planned to depict a journalist kneeling, wearing a torn shirt, with his broken camera tossed onto the ground while other people are protesting behind him. I wanted to illustrate these depressing situations that journalists often find themselves in and showcase how the authorities oppress them. Finally, I refined my sketch and digitally finalized the composition of the illustrations to better represent what I was aiming for.

Here are the four illustrations I created: <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kyzguplN9uSaAeYKllRHFtnaBX72_wGwgpuk3C8KxGU/edit?usp=sharing>

### Math

I got one of my math competition awards back, and I got a gold medal! I'm really happy about that. I'm still waiting on my AMC 10 results, and I am hoping to qualify for the AIME.

## Winter Hardware Wonderland

I am excited to announce that my project proposal to [build a Sprig gaming controller](https://github.com/hackclub/winter/pull/367) was accepted! I'm really excited to work on this project, and I'm looking forward to learning more about electronics and soldering.

You can find my project repository [here](https://github.com/cytronicoder/sprig-gaming-controller), and if you are interested in contributing, you can [donate to this project.](https://bank.hackclub.com/donations/start/sprig-gaming-controller)

## Hack Club

I am also going to be working on a project for the Hack Club Slack members soon. Details to come...
